Cleanup&change operator precedence for `in` and `!in` (#2110)
zeek/spicy: doc/programming/language/precedence.rst

.. _precedence:

===================

> Operator precedence

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Operator Precedence
```

===================

> While Spicy is like C, its operators have their own precedence. This
> matters for non-C operators like ``in``. The following table
> summarizes Spicy's operator precedence, from highest to lowest:

Reviewer: I think I'd just remove the reference to "C" here, like:

```suggestion
In Spicy, operator precedence is generally pretty similar to other languages, with some Spicy-specific operators added. The following table
summarizes Spicy's operator precedence, from highest to lowest:
```
